
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
She advised him to come back at once.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
The lake is a long way from here.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.